Docs: Cross domain session replay (#8889)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/session-replay/installation.mdx

## How to ignore sensitive elements

You may want to hide sensitive text or elements in your replays. See our [privacy controls](/docs/session-replay/privacy) docs for how to do this.

> ## Recording sessions across different domains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to record sessions across different domains
```

> PostHog **automatically captures sessions across subdomains** (e.g. `posthog.com` and `us.posthog.com`), but recording sessions across different domains (e.g. `posthog.com` and `hogflix.com`) requires a bit more setup.

Reviewer: Dont think we need to add the bold?
```suggestion
PostHog automatically captures sessions across subdomains (e.g. `posthog.com` and `us.posthog.com`), but recording sessions across different domains (e.g. `posthog.com` and `hogflix.com`) requires a bit more setup.
```

When the user goes from the first domain, call `posthog.get_session_id()` and pass it along to the second domain (in the URL). In Next.js, this looks like this:

```js
// first domain
'use client'
import { usePostHog } from 'posthog-js/react'

export default function FirstDomain() {
  const posthog = usePostHog()
  return (
    <div>
      <h1>Welcome to the first domain</h1>
      <button onClick={
        () => window.location.href = `https://seconddomain.com/?session_id=${posthog.get_session_id()}`
      }>
        Go to the second domain
      </button>
    </div>
  )
}
```

> On the second domain, bootstrap the PostHog initialization using that session ID value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, in the second domain, bootstrap the PostHog initialization using the session ID. 
```
